README.md, before:

# Small Scale Prawn Farming Software

Various programs to manage sensor data from a freshwater prawn grow, and make it available from anywhere in the world, via a minimal UI.

![Prawn Devouring Plankton](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DpPZJWwUUAAZNEx.jpg:small)

![Networked LED Goodness](demo.gif)

## Resources 

- Background: https://twitter.com/Terkwood/status/1044992354178994178?s=19
- pH sensor wiring and example code: https://www.element14.com/community/docs/DOC-89396/l/arduino-projects-for-arduino-day-water-and-irrigation-projects-part-2

- LED with scrolling text tutorial: https://gustmees.wordpress.com/2018/04/08/first-steps-with-the-arduino-uno-r3-maker-makered-coding-scrolling-text-with-8x8-led-matrix/amp/?__twitter_impression=true

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, [LICENSE_APACHE](LICENSE_APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 * MIT license [LICENSE_MIT](LICENSE_MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

add a great link about cross-compilation

README.md, after:

# Small Scale Prawn Farming Software

Various programs to manage sensor data from a freshwater prawn grow, and make it available from anywhere in the world, via a minimal UI.

![Prawn Devouring Plankton](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DpPZJWwUUAAZNEx.jpg:small)

![Networked LED Goodness](demo.gif)

## Resources 

- Background: https://twitter.com/Terkwood/status/1044992354178994178?s=19
- pH sensor wiring and example code: https://www.element14.com/community/docs/DOC-89396/l/arduino-projects-for-arduino-day-water-and-irrigation-projects-part-2

- LED with scrolling text tutorial: https://gustmees.wordpress.com/2018/04/08/first-steps-with-the-arduino-uno-r3-maker-makered-coding-scrolling-text-with-8x8-led-matrix/amp/?__twitter_impression=true
- Cross compiling for armv7 from MacOSX using vagrant: https://medium.com/@wizofe/cross-compiling-rust-for-arm-e-g-raspberry-pi-using-any-os-11711ebfc52b

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, [LICENSE_APACHE](LICENSE_APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 * MIT license [LICENSE_MIT](LICENSE_MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
